1.What is React?
    React is a frond-end library developed by facebook 2011
    It follows the component based approach which helps build reusable UI components.
    It is used for developing complex and interactive web and mobile UI.

2.What does react solve?

3.List major features of React?
    It uses the virtual DOM instead of the real DOM
    It uses server-side rendering
    It follows uni-directional data-flow or data binding

4.List major advantages of React?
    It increases the applications performance
    It can be used conveniently used on the server side or client side.
    JSX makes code more readable
    React is easy to integrate with other frameworks like angular, meteor
    Writing UI test cases becomes extremely easy

5.What are limitations of React?
    React is just a library not a full-blown framework
    Its library is very large and takes time to understand
    It can be difficult for the novice programmers to understand
    Coding gets complex as it uses inline templating and JSX

6.What is JSX?
    JSX is a shorthand for Javascript XML. This is a type of file used by React 
    which utilizes the expressiveness of javascript along with HTML and template
    syntax.  This makes the HTML file really easy to understand. This file makes 
    applications robust and boosts its performance.  Below is an example of JSX...
    render (){
        return(
            <div>
                <h1>
                    Hello Carlos!!!
                </h1>
            </div>
        )
    }

7.What do you understand by Virtual DOM? explain its workings.
    A virtual DOM is a light weight javascript object which originally is just a
    copy of the real DOM. It is a node tree that lists the elements, their attributes
    and the content as Objects and their properties. React's render function creates
    a node tree out of the React components. It then updates the tree in response 
    to the mutations in the data model which is caused but various actions done by
    the user or by the system

8.Why can't browsers read JSX?
    Browsers can only read javascript objects but JSX is not a regular javascript 
    object.  Thus to enable a browser to read JSX first we need to transform 
    JSX file into a javascript object using JSX transformers like Babel 
    and then pass it to the browser.

9.How React is different from angular
    TOPIC                    REACT                     ANGULAR
    architecture       only the view of MV           complete MVC
    rendering          server-side rendering         client-side rendering
    DOM                uses virtual DOM              uses real DOM
    data binding       one-way data binding          two-way data binding
    debugging          compile time debugging        runtime debugging
    author             facebook                      google

10.What do you understand from 'In React everything is a component
    Components are the building blocks of a react app's ui.  These components 
    split up the entire UI into small independent and reusable pieces. Then it 
    renders each of these components independent of each other without 
    affecting the rest of the ui.

11.Explain the purpose of render() in react
    Each react component mut have a render() mandatorily. it returns a single 
    react element which is the representation of the native DOM component. If
    more than one HTML element needs to be rendered, then they must be grouped 
    together inside one enclosing tag such as <form> , <group>, <div> etc.  This
    function must be kept pure .. i.e. it must return the same result each 
    time it is invoked.

12. What are props?

13.What are best practices using hooks?
    Follow the hook rules. Only call hooks at the Top Level in order to help preseve
    the state of hooks.
    Only call hooks from react functions, like react function componenets and custom hooks.
    Do not call from regular javascript functions.
    Use a Linter
